adaptics
========

 Learning, vision and artificial evolution. See the Wiki page for more detailed information.

 1.) Prerequisites
 2.) Building
 3.) Installing
 4.) Contributing
 
== 1. PREREQUISITES ==

 This project requires:
  * Linux OS (currently only tested on Ubuntu 12.04)
  * Cross-platform Make (CMake) v2.6.2+
  * GNU Make or equivalent
  * GCC or an alternative, reasonably conformant C++ compiler
  * Boost C++ Libraries v1.37+ [HEADERS and LIBRARIES]
  * Log4Cxx v0.10.0+
  * fftw3 libary

 Project template adapted from Michael Safyan's cpp-project-template (http://code.google.com/p/cpp-project-template/). 
 Unlike the original template, boost's unit test framework is used instead of UnitTest++, QT is not necessary, and the project
 can be used to build a family of both libraries and applications. 

== 2. BUILDING ==
 
 1. Clone the repository (see github page for link)
 2. Move into build directory (type 'cd build')
 3. Build makefiles for all libraries and applications (type 'cmake ..')
 4. Build all libraries and applications (type 'make')

 This project uses the Cross-platform Make (CMake) build system. However, we
 have conveniently provided a wrapper configure script and Makefile so that
 the typical build invocation of "./configure" followed by "make" will work.
 For a list of all possible build targets, use the command "make help".

 NOTE: Users of CMake may believe that the top-level Makefile has been
 generated by CMake; it hasn't, so please do not delete that file.

== 3. INSTALLING ==
 ** NOTE: Installation has not been tested yet **
 Once the project has been built (see "BUILDING"), execute "sudo make install".

== 4. CONTRIBUTING ==

 Email me if you are interested in contributing (Jasmin Leveille at jalev51@gmail.com).
